Finally, you need to consider your server storage limits.
A malicious user can potentially bloat your server with uploads if you don't limit and monitor this
space usage.
So you need to keep your file size limit tight, meaning don't set it to something like 32 megabytes.
If you don't expect such large files.
You don't need to change the IP EU directive.
You can enforce the limit in your upload processing script, limit the file, upload capability to registered
and verified users only, which will be able to easily block and limit the total size of files a single
user can upload.
Also, logging file uploads and looking into these logs or statistics is always a good idea to spot
any unusual activities and react quickly.